i have shown you now with my physical  force that i wanted to go  you came into our property  it's like me coming into your house  [Music]  why would you come in here without even  saying anything  no no no you can't you can't force me to  talk you know you know all that like how  that you caused me you know  obviously all right let's go  [Music]  and yeah he started crying  now you're gonna get it bobby  the price is wrong [ __ ]  it's very sad he started crying and i  have footage of all this okay  i don't want to share it though because  he obviously has i mean at this point  because he obviously has mental issues  dude just wanted to say sorry man i  didn't know  he was going to end up like this  i told you back in 2016 and that day we  went up the door to get us a dude  i just woke up freely i'm done  all yours  go for those saying why did you talk to  him after he entered  like i know it seems crazy i know it  would seem crazy to do that but  this comment here pretty much  sums it up for me i'll just read a  little bit of it first it's extremely  clear that you've tried to move on i've  never heard of i heard you mention him  or even reference a situation with him  in any of your videos for the past  several years and that is true he talks  about you weekly if not daily people who  don't understand why you talk to him  have never dealt with a stalker but  obviously it's not about that it's about  him and  i think me rejecting him and him being  very very jealous and not being able to  let go  and this is after him cheating on me and  everything you know i was putting up  with a  more  a man lot  as faithful as his options  unfortunately after his like recent  defamation video after we're meant to be  friends mind you like i now realize he  cannot control himself  there's this there's no helping him i  cannot help him anymore ladies you know  your man  you know your man better than he knows  [Applause]  you know what himself of man you got  sometimes you got to save your man from  himself  i can't be friends with someone who is  spreading lies and slander about me  constantly  behind the scenes and having fake  accounts and sharing my location and  this is just  this is not  healthy a healthy mindset you know  recently said that i'm i  was arrested and my partner's here  illegally both which is just blatant lie  he is here legally i have not been  arrested you know things like this i can  see people believe it that's that's a  bad thing you know people believe these  lies because he's so  manipulative you must remember that when  he's talking to you it's extremely  extremely menifee lives she probably  hits you like she did me you know  you're not allowed to have any voice  you're not allowed to be doing any  social media  you have to change your name pretty much  snow pea she calls you calls you a  vegetable  she calls you a vegetable book  you know and that's sort of what you  have become  emotional  and this was real real trespassing by  the way he came through two big gates  and two signs saying private property do  not enter  but you know when he started crying  i just got triggered i think i just got  sad as i'm an empathetic person  you know and i thought of his kind side  and  you know so it's just like instantly  i felt sorry for him but i really should  have known better she never she doesn't  like the crowd she doesn't like the  people she doesn't know the fans the  fans are just  this to her you know because a lot of  fans are just have eating disorders and  stuff and she's just uh i sort of make  money give me the money still i don't  really care too much  here's what it is  i do care i like to help people that's  what i did with freelee i you know took  off the streets  made her into a  earning multi millions of dollars  selling my raw tool for protocol you  know when she bags she bags it cooked  food's alike  rice is bunker food yet she makes  millions of dollars made millions of  dollars in selling my protocols still  sells it today she still sells it  cooked food's bad cooked food's a lie  but buy the wrong deal for program it's  great  and the thing is that visit we ended up  coming to a good place i thought  you know like i talked to him for like  two hours even robin talked to him as  well and i hugged him because he's  crying and i'm like trying to help and i  thought we came to a good place  and  look what happens he just ends up going  at it again because he it's like he  wants to get rid of  robin  there is something slightly profound to  be taken from the words of chris rock  when he says  ladies  you know  what kind of man you've got you know  your man  better than he knows himself he may not  have said these words with any profound  intent but i think there's something  important there  for all of us to reflect on even though  it comes from the middle of a stand-up  comedy routine freely  you  knew what kind of man  you  had  [Music]  you saw him  lash out at others  for  years  you saw him do it  you approved of the behavior  you  participated  in the behavior and in plenty of your  little flame wars  on the internet where you were trying to  ruin other people's lives ruin other  people's reputations engaging in slander  defamation against them as a couple  working together jointly  in plenty of cases you were even more  vicious  than doreen writer so you knew his act  you knew his behavior  you knew the mask  you knew the face you knew  what kind of man you had and you even  knew  how he talked about his ex-girlfriends  you even knew  how he treated  the women he had broken up with  and moved on from  including  the women he slept with in the midst  of the years  in which he was in a relationship  with you  you knew  what kind of man you had  and you never stood up  and said no more  you never stood up and said this is bad  and evil and wrong and i can't allow it  to go on you never even said this is bad  for the future of the vegan movement or  any of those other obvious things  so long as the victim was somebody  anybody  other than you  you never stood up for me  you also never stood up for brianna jack  fruitson  it's a long list none of us want to  scratch our heads to remember or put  together a top 10 list  of people slandered and defamed  whose lives were  dented if not destroyed  by the durianrider and freely team  how about henya how about henia mania  how about her boyfriend of the time  jason pezino how about high carb hannah  how about your your campaign freely  against high carb mana think about all  the things durianrider set up against  her think about things you said against  her over years  and the extent to which that  campaign is still going on  now  [Music]  so i have two things to say in this  video  one is freely  you know  what kind of man you've got and the  second is  no  he hasn't changed  i have a day in court with doreen writer  coming right up  he is still facing legal consequences  for his actions against me and let's  let's be clear freely i don't need you  to stand up for me  i can stand up for myself i don't need  you  to help me  i wouldn't be  a better person  and i wouldn't be in a better position  if you helped me  but you would be freely you'd benefit  you would be a better person  and you'd be in a better position  if you had stood up in relation to me in  relation to briana jack fruits and in  relation to  what is it about a hundred other  examples  if you had just been willing to stand up  and do the right thing because it was  the right thing to do you'd be in a  better position in so many ways yes  including your youtube career including  your leadership of the vegan movement  right but you'd be in a better position  now  when standing up to durianrider you'd be  able to say hey  here's the right thing to do and you did  it before  when the victim wasn't you  and you're doing it again now  when frankly  it's your ass  that's on the line  freely when i got the most recent court  date set in stone handed down to me by  my lawyer and i started doing the  fundraising and gathering donations  thank you to my supporters i would not  be able to afford this trip to thailand  to have my day in court if it weren't  for the donations of my patreon  supporters the viewers of this channel  they've made this court case possible at  every step and every stage now for more  than five years  thank you to all involved thank you to  all concern when i got the court date  the new date handed to me by my lawyer  all right i wrote to durianrider  and you know what he sent back to me  exactly the same claims exactly the same  attempts  at slander and defamation that he had  been making  approximately five years ago exactly the  same  threats exactly the same attempts to  manipulate me  coerce me to try to make me afraid to  suggest that he would be capable of  cooking up  an email or a youtube video from some  fan of his some supporter or somewhere  that would make up  lies and rumors about my sex life that  would destroy my reputation  he's still  playing this same game  in the year 2022.  the difference is now  he's doing it for a smaller and smaller  audience  because people like me  stood up  to discredit him  people like me pushed him out  of his position of leadership  in the vegan movement  and now  just a little too late freely  i guess you're one of the people  doing the pushing  too  [Music]  foreign